README.md, before:

# GoCD Helm Chart
A GoCD Helm chart for Kubernetes. [GoCD](https://www.gocd.org/) is an Open source continuous delivery server to model and visualize complex workflows with ease.

# Introduction
This chart bootstraps a single node GoCD server and a GoCD Agent deployment with configurable agent count on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.7+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/gocd
```

The command deploys GoCD on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```
The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.


## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the GoCD chart and their default values.

### GoCD

| Parameter    | Description  | Default             |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------------- |
| `app.version`| GoCD version | `.Chart.appVersion` |


### GoCD Server

| Parameter                         | Description                               | Default            |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `server.replicaCount`             | GoCD Server replicas Count                | `1`                |
| `server.image.repository`         | GoCD server image                         | `gocd/gocd-server` |
| `server.image.tag`                | GoCD server image tag                     | `v17.10.0`         |
| `server.image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`     |
| `server.goServerSystemProperties` | GoCD Server system properties             | `nil`              |
| `server.service.type`             | Type of GoCD server Kubernetes service    | `NodePort`         |
| `server.service.httpPort`         | GoCD server service HTTP port             | `8153`             |
| `server.service.httpsPort`        | GoCD server service HTTPS port            | `8154`             |  
| `server.service.nodeHttpPort`     | GoCD server service node HTTP port        | `nil`              |  
| `server.service.nodeHttpsPort`    | GoCD server service node HTTPS port       | `nil`              |  
| `server.ingress.enabled`          | Enable GoCD ingress.                      | `false`            |  
| `server.ingress.hosts`            | GoCD ingress hosts records.               | `nil`              |  

### GoCD Agent

| Parameter                                   | Description                                     | Default                      |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `agent.replicaCount`                        | GoCD Agent replicas Count                       | `1`                          |
| `agent.image.repository`                    | GoCD agent image                                | `gocd/gocd-agent-alpine-3.6` |
| `agent.image.tag`                           | GoCD agent image tag                            | `v17.10.0`                   |
| `agent.image.pullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                               | `IfNotPresent`               |
| `agent.image.goServerUrl`                   | GoCD Server Url                                 | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterKey`          | GoCD Agent autoregister key                     | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterResources`    | Comma separated list of GoCD Agent resources    | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterEnvironemnts` | Comma separated list of GoCD Agent environments | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterHostname`     | GoCD Agent hostname                             | `nil`                        |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/gocd
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)


## persistence

The GoCD server image stores persistence under `/godata` path of the container. A dynamically managed Persistent Volume
Claim is used to keep the data across deployments, by default. This is known to work in minikube. Alternatively,
a previously configured Persistent Volume Claim can be used.


### Server `/godata` persistence Values


| Parameter                              | Description                               | Default              |
| -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `server.persistence.enabled`           | Enable the use of a GoCD PVC              | `false`              |
| `server.persistence.godata.pvName`     | Provide the name of a PV for `godata` PVC | `godata-gocd-server` |
| `server.persistence.godata.name`       | The PVC name                              | `godata-pvc`         |
| `server.persistence.godata.accessMode` | The PVC access mode                       | `ReadWriteOnce`      |
| `server.persistence.godata.size`       | The size of the PVC                       | `1Gi`                |
| `server.persistence.storageClass`      | The PVC storage class name                | `nil`                |

### Server `/godata` persistence Values


| Parameter                              | Description                               | Default              |
| -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `server.persistence.enabled`           | Enable the use of a GoCD PVC              | `false`              |
| `server.persistence.godata.pvName`     | Provide the name of a PV for `godata` PVC | `godata-gocd-server` |
| `server.persistence.godata.name`       | The PVC name                              | `godata-pvc`         |
| `server.persistence.godata.accessMode` | The PVC access mode                       | `ReadWriteOnce`      |
| `server.persistence.godata.size`       | The size of the PVC                       | `1Gi`                |
| `server.persistence.storageClass`      | The PVC storage class name                | `nil`                |


### Existing PersistentVolumeClaim
    
1. Create the PersistentVolume
2. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
3. Install the chart

```
$ helm install --name my-release --set server.persistence.godata.existingClaim=PVC_NAME stable/gocd
```

Commit message:

Specify homego PVC description under PV section

README.md, after:

# GoCD Helm Chart
A GoCD Helm chart for Kubernetes. [GoCD](https://www.gocd.org/) is an Open source continuous delivery server to model and visualize complex workflows with ease.

# Introduction
This chart bootstraps a single node GoCD server and a GoCD Agent deployment with configurable agent count on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.7+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/gocd
```

The command deploys GoCD on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```
The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.


## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the GoCD chart and their default values.

### GoCD

| Parameter    | Description  | Default             |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------------- |
| `app.version`| GoCD version | `.Chart.appVersion` |


### GoCD Server

| Parameter                         | Description                               | Default            |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `server.replicaCount`             | GoCD Server replicas Count                | `1`                |
| `server.image.repository`         | GoCD server image                         | `gocd/gocd-server` |
| `server.image.tag`                | GoCD server image tag                     | `v17.10.0`         |
| `server.image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`     |
| `server.goServerSystemProperties` | GoCD Server system properties             | `nil`              |
| `server.service.type`             | Type of GoCD server Kubernetes service    | `NodePort`         |
| `server.service.httpPort`         | GoCD server service HTTP port             | `8153`             |
| `server.service.httpsPort`        | GoCD server service HTTPS port            | `8154`             |  
| `server.service.nodeHttpPort`     | GoCD server service node HTTP port        | `nil`              |  
| `server.service.nodeHttpsPort`    | GoCD server service node HTTPS port       | `nil`              |  
| `server.ingress.enabled`          | Enable GoCD ingress.                      | `false`            |  
| `server.ingress.hosts`            | GoCD ingress hosts records.               | `nil`              |  

### GoCD Agent

| Parameter                                   | Description                                     | Default                      |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `agent.replicaCount`                        | GoCD Agent replicas Count                       | `1`                          |
| `agent.image.repository`                    | GoCD agent image                                | `gocd/gocd-agent-alpine-3.6` |
| `agent.image.tag`                           | GoCD agent image tag                            | `v17.10.0`                   |
| `agent.image.pullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                               | `IfNotPresent`               |
| `agent.image.goServerUrl`                   | GoCD Server Url                                 | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterKey`          | GoCD Agent autoregister key                     | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterResources`    | Comma separated list of GoCD Agent resources    | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterEnvironemnts` | Comma separated list of GoCD Agent environments | `nil`                        |
| `agent.image.agentAutoRegisterHostname`     | GoCD Agent hostname                             | `nil`                        |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/gocd
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)


## persistence

The GoCD server image stores persistence under `/godata` path of the container. A dynamically managed Persistent Volume
Claim is used to keep the data across deployments, by default. This is known to work in minikube. Alternatively,
a previously configured Persistent Volume Claim can be used.


### Server `/godata` persistence Values


| Parameter                                | Description                               | Default              |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `server.persistence.enabled`             | Enable the use of a GoCD PVC              | `false`              |
| `server.persistence.godata.pvName`       | Provide the name of a PV for `godata` PVC | `godata-gocd-server` |
| `server.persistence.godata.name`         | The PVC name                              | `godata-pvc`         |
| `server.persistence.godata.accessMode`   | The PVC access mode                       | `ReadWriteOnce`      |
| `server.persistence.godata.size`         | The size of the PVC                       | `1Gi`                |
| `server.persistence.homego.storageClass` | The PVC storage class name                | `nil`                |

### Server `/homego` persistence Values


| Parameter                                | Description                               | Default              |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `server.persistence.enabled`             | Enable the use of a GoCD PVC              | `false`              |
| `server.persistence.homego.pvName`       | Provide the name of a PV for `godata` PVC | `godata-gocd-server` |
| `server.persistence.homego.name`         | The PVC name                              | `godata-pvc`         |
| `server.persistence.homego.accessMode`   | The PVC access mode                       | `ReadWriteOnce`      |
| `server.persistence.homego.size`         | The size of the PVC                       | `1Gi`                |
| `server.persistence.homego.storageClass` | The PVC storage class name                | `nil`                |


### Existing PersistentVolumeClaim
    
1. Create the PersistentVolume
2. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
3. Install the chart

```
$ helm install --name my-release --set server.persistence.godata.existingClaim=PVC_NAME stable/gocd
```
